Name: Connor Kinzie

Course: CpSc 8700

Clemson Email Address: ckinzie@clemson.edu

Project Number 6

Project due date: July 25th

Brief Review of Project description as stated in my Specification for the Project:
  The application I am constructing is a grading app that will help me log grades and comments when grading lab assignments. The main GUI will be a table setup with a column for "Students", "Grades", and "Comments". I will be able to log comments and calculate students' grades automatically instead of counting up the deductions by hand.

The easiest part of this project:
  The easiest part was setting up the menu and the buttons on the GUI. Programming the buttons to perform tasks has also been fairly simple.

Problems that I had in completing this project:
  Setting up the table initally gave me problems, but the example you sent me has help tremendously. I have had to make quite a few adjustments to make the code more my own, but I fully understand all the code that I have adopted/modified. I have not hit any major snags so progress is slow but steady.

How successful was I in achieving the objectives as stated in my Specification for the first Deliverable (Project #5):
  My initial deliverable objective was to construct the GUI that allows me to enter and update grades. I also was hoping to be able to open and save files on my computer. The basic design for the GUI is complete (although I will probably tweak it towards the end). I can also create new files, save files, and load files, so I have completed most of my objectives. I have not been able to enter/delete students yet, but I am close and the GUI aspect needed to accomplish these tasks have been put in place.

What are my objectives for Project #7, the second Deliverable?
  For the next deliverable, I should be able to manipulate the students in my table (edit, add, remove, etc.) I also want to work on and be close to finishing my "Comments" portion, because what I have envisioned is a little complicated. If all that is done, the core of my project will be complete and I can start working on my stretch goals.



